Farrah Abraham made the porn tape and
she claimed Marinol wasn't a porno sex a
bleak except James Dean the person she
shot the tape with came out and said
yeah it was important tape she planned
on releasing it she sold the sex tape to
vivid for 1.5 million dollars and we
made the argument that if she was smart
she would take that money and invest it
and you know maybe she would live off
that money for quite a while but I made
the prediction that she's dumb and she
won't do that and my prediction was
right she just spent $400,000 on a
Lamborghini Murcielago oh why did you do
that cause we knew she was gonna blow
the money although ironically she got
the money by just here all week just
came off without my head anyway
ironic she's got the money buddy giving
it alright anyway so like what was the
point I mean you did backdoor Teen Mom
and now you're you've got a kid right I
mean that's why you're wearing the MTV
show in the first place now the kid is
whore his whole life or her life I don't
know what his girl kid is anyway I said
I'd have to deal with like I have your
mom did the poor where she's you know
right and and then you take the money
and if you did something with it setting
aside for their education okay fine Oh
cause education I mean come on
she wants to make money maybe anyway
look this is like so symbolic of
Hollywood celebrity what people think is
most important you have to stay relevant
somehow even if it means doing something
that you typically wouldn't want to do
right and by the way there's nothing
wrong with being a porn actor or actress
the reason why she did it is because she
became addicted to the fame she did
you know 16 and pregnant she received a
little bit of that Fame a little taste
and she's like oh my god how do I stay
relevant how do I continue doing
something that will keep me in the
limelight and then she went off and she
did the porn that was like her last
moment of desperation and then the first
thing you do because Society has told
you that this is the most important
thing for you to have is you go out and
you buy frickin Lamborghini Murcielago
who cares about your damn car I know but
you know what come to think of it it
might be part of our strategic as George
Bush would say that she thinks okay this
will also
get me in the news so it's kind of an
investment in my celebrity so but then
that isn't expensive it is it is Wow
yeah so I hope you enjoy that car for
however long it lasts and that money for
however long it lasts and right now the
over-under on that one-and-a-half
million is about six months so it's a
bit of a disaster my last question to
you about this Anna is this the
Lamborghini have a back door dirty